DOC Update Controllers section (#206)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/02_Developer_Guides/02_Controllers/05_Middlewares.md

$response->output();
```

[info]
It's pretty rare to need to modify the `index.php` file directly like this - if you need to do it, make sure you clearly document this change

> somewhere like in your project's README.md file if you have one, both for your own reference and for any other developers working on the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
somewhere, e.g. in your project's README.md file if you have one, both for your own reference and for any other developers working on the project
```

Reviewer 2: Done
